Ck cdi updates 11 16 (#4423)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/data_and_analytics/cloud_ingestion.md

SELECT TO_JSON(OBJECT_CONSTRUCT (*)) FROM "PURCHASE_DATA";
```

#### Using the UPDATED_AT timestamp

> We use the UPDATED_AT timestamp to keep track of what data has been synced successfully to Braze. If many rows are written with the same timestamp while a sync is running, this may lead to duplicate data being synced to Braze. Some suggestions to avoid duplicate data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use the `UPDATED_AT` timestamp to keep track of what data has been synced successfully to Braze. If many rows are written with the same timestamp while a sync is running, this may lead to duplicate data being synced to Braze. Some suggestions to avoid duplicate data:
```

> - If you are setting up a sync against a VIEW, do not use CURRENT_TIMESTAMP as the default value. This will cause all data to sync every time the sync runs, because the UPDATED_AT field will evaluate to the time our queries are run. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are setting up a sync against a `VIEW`, do not use `CURRENT_TIMESTAMP` as the default value. This will cause all data to sync every time the sync runs because the `UPDATED_AT` field will evaluate to the time our queries are run. 
```

> - If you have very long-running pipelines or queries writing data to your source table, avoid running these concurrently with a sync, or avoid using the same timestamp for every row inserted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you have very long-running pipelines or queries writing data to your source table, avoid running these concurrently with a sync, or avoid using the same timestamp for every row inserted.
```

> - Use a transaction to write all rows that have the same timestamp 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use a transaction to write all rows that have the same timestamp.
```

#### Example table configuration

> We have a public github repo for customers to share best practices or code snippets, which can be found [here](https://github.com/braze-inc/braze-examples/tree/main/data-ingestion). To contribute your own snippets, create a PR!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have a public [GitHub repository](https://github.com/braze-inc/braze-examples/tree/main/data-ingestion) for customers to share best practices or code snippets. To contribute your own snippets, create a pull request!
```

If you reuse the same user and role across integrations, you will **not** need to go through the step of adding the public key again.

### Running the sync

> Once activated, your sync will run on the schedule configured during setup. If you want to run the sync outside of the normal schedule, for testing or to fetch the most recent data, click the “Sync Now” button. This run will not impact regularly scheduled future syncs.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once activated, your sync will run on the schedule configured during setup. If you want to run the sync outside of the normal schedule for testing or to fetch the most recent data, click **Sync Now**. This run will not impact regularly scheduled future syncs.  
```
